very explicit messages where we're
supposedly going to say it like that
supposedly in these messages that
belong to so he was very explicit
describing intimate parts of his body
and what he was going to do with the intimate parts of
his body of these people
also there were many photographs of the
two of them together from the time that he is or was
living in Colombia and I don't know I'm not very
good at figuring out age the girl
says that at that time she was about
13 years old say no you in these
photographs if you see someone of legal
age or maybe it's a girl who
looks very little according to al capone they
caught her somehow and it has been
discovered that no I don't know where or when
or how that happened but according to him
campones has discovered that no that this
girl is super older yes yes older
supposedly the girl was younger at that
time also they don't look like they are
typical photos that you can take
with a fan at an event in some you
can even see him comfortably
sitting with her
l